11/08/2020
I created the sprites for my capstone project
This included the character, enemies, and the background+platforms that the player will
	use to interact with the environment
I was also able to find free assets to use from the unity assest store. Proper credit and recognition is and will
	be noted in the README txt document if and when they are used for this project.

11/10/2020
Using the sprites created, I started to work on designing the first level of my capstone game.
To be able to show a sense of perspective for this highly retro and shoddy artistic side-scrolling run game
I was able to code the parallax effect by manipulating the layers of the background plus using code to
manipulate the horizontal movement position in relation to the position of the main Camera.
Similar levels will follow suite in the parallax effect of their level design, and will most likely
make use of the free assets acquired through the unity asset store for better visuals.

11/12/2020

I have set up a simple level design for the cave level to test layers and movement of the player.
There were issues with the player game object interacting with the tilemap system, but i figured out that a tilemap collision
was needed to prevent the character from falling through the ground.
I have also set it up so that the camera moves with the player instead of the manual testing as long as the 
player is within center view of the camera

Today, i completed the basic movement of the character of right left and jump.
i made sure that to enable the double jump, i put a counter to ensure the number of times to call the jump function, and a reset when the player
collides with any object tagged with 'grounded' to ensure that the proper objects are collided to enable double jump.

i was able to create a tile set and will surely need to modify the tiles so that they can be fully intergrated in the game for a smoother
level dsign.

Few things i will need to work on will be to fix the player movement and parallax effect so that they work as smoothly as possible when i
continue to work on the rest of my level design works.
link to help remind and clean up my work:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBol2xzxCOU